now during the war in Gaza more than
330,000 tons of rubbish have built up
across the territory humanitarian
agencies say with catastrophic risks to
People's Health and the environment as
summer temperatures rise some of the
more than 1 million displaced people who
fled Israel's militi offensive in the
southern city of Rafa are now living
close to rubbish tips a Middle East
correspondent Yandell
reports This Is War torn gaza's new land
landscape mountains of
rubbish they've built up as basic
Services have
collapsed and for some among the
hundreds of thousands of people newly
displaced by fighting in the South like
asahan al- musri this Wasteland is now
home we've never lived next to rubbish I
cry just like any other grandmother
would over her grandchildren being sick
and having scab
her family of 16 shares its tent in
kenun with clouds of flies sometimes
snakes everyone tells us of the constant
stench the smell is very disturbing I
keep my tent door open so that I can get
some air but there's no air just the
smell of
rubbish with the latest influx of people
from Rafa the cities that theyve fled to
have been
overwhelmed local councils lack of
equipment and fuel for rubbish
trucks since the deadly 7th of October
attacks Israel won't let them go to the
Border area where gaza's main landfill
sites
are this place wasn't originally meant
for Waste it's a public space and
farming area the council was forced to
dump waste here because our crews can't
reach the official dumping
grounds now the temperatures sore there
are new warnings from Aid agencies about
the health hazards posed by so much
rubbish but desperation drives children
to take extra risks searching for
something to eat use or
sell and across Gaza these stinking
piles of waste are a symbol of just how
unbearable conditions here have become
yoland Nell BBC News Jerusalem